------------------------------------------------------
CHAPTER 03 - UNSUPERVISED LEARNING
------------------------------------------------------

- Summary of Unsupervised Algorithms

    - Unsupervised learning algorithms can be applied for exploratory data analysis and preprocessing.
        Having the right representation of data is often crucial for supervised and unsupervised
        learning to succeed, and preprocessing and decomposition methods play an important part
        in data preparation.


    - Declustering, manifold learning, and clustering are essential tools to further your understanding
        of your data, and can be the only ways to make sense of your data in the absence of 
        supervision information.  

      Even in a supervised setting, exploratory tools are important for a better understanding of the
        properties of the data.

      Often it is hard to quantify the usefulness of an unsupervised algorithm, though this shouldn’t
        deter you from using them to gather insights from your data.



- Summary of the Estimator Interface

    - All algorithms in scikit-learn, whether preprocessing, supervised learning, or unsupervised 
        learning algorithms, are implemented as classes. These classes are called estimators in 
        scikit-learn. To apply an algorithm, you first have to instantiate an object of the particular 
        class:

        >>> from sklearn.linear_model import LogisticRegression
        >>> logreg = LogisticRegression()


      The estimator class contains the algorithm, and also stores the model that is learned from data 
        using the algorithm.

      You should set any parameters of the model when constructing the model object. These parameters 
        include regularization, complexity control, number of clusters to find, etc. 

      All estimators have a 'fit' method, which is used to build the model. The fit method always 
        requires as its first argument the data X, represented as a NumPy array or a SciPy sparse matrix, 
        where each row represents a single data point. The data X is always assumed to be a NumPy array 
        or SciPy sparse matrix that has continuous (floating-point) entries. Supervised algorithms also 
        require a y argument, which is a one-dimensional NumPy array containing target values for regression 
        or classification (i.e., the known output labels or responses).


    - There are two main ways to apply a learned model in scikit-learn. To create a prediction in the form 
        of a new output like y, you use the predict method. To create a new representation of the input 
        data X, you use the transform method. 


      This is a summary of the use cases of the predict and transform methods.

                            estimator.fit(x_train, [y_train])

                   estimator.predict(X_test)   estimator.transform(X_test)

                      Classification              Preprocessing
                      Regression                  Dimensionality reduction
                      Clustering                  Feature extraction
                                                  Feature selection


       Additionally, all supervised models have a score(X_test, y_test) method that allows an evaluation 
         of the model.